INTRO

	Fitness requires a hook sometimes to continually pull someone towards a healthier lifestyle.  Some find it because they can attest to an improvement in their lifestyle.  Others develop it through long struggling periods of time and then may not even continue to pursue it afterwards.  This could be caused by loss of ambition, motivation, etc.  Today we present to you Level Up! Gym.  A revolutionary way to link the fitness world with the ever growing universe of video gaming.  With our chosen location at 300 Brackley Point Road, in Charlottetown PEI, we will present the first commercial exergaming experience.

THE COMPANY

	Level Up! Gym is a partnership equally owned and operated by 4 bright young individuals who have dedicated more than 5 years of their lives into the companies development.  Ms. Chelsea Ferguson is our CEO and leading founder whose background involves much video game engagement, graphic design and a solid foundation of software development.  Mr. Michael Gergely is Chief Financial Officer (CFO) overseeing all financial aspects of the company.  His passion with mathematics and commitment to balance make him the perfect member of our team for this position.  He also carriers past experience with personal fitness training which will be a great asset.  Mrs. Gaylene Nicholson is our honorary Marketing Manager and fitness guru.  Carrying 15+ years of real world business experience makes her marketing strategies unparallel and will drive our organization upwards and onwards.  Mr. Christopher Sigouin is our COO who is committed to overseeing the operations and functionality of the business.  With more than 7+ years of customer service experience and skillful technological background, he will be suited to ensure everything runs smoothly and efficiently.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

	Our products and services offered at Level Up! Gym are uniquely creative, intuitive and will keep you coming back for more!  With the advancement of technology we are able to offer virtual world entertainment while you engage in fitness related activities, Xbox and Wii-U console based exergaming with software developed to awe and inspire, and an interactive floor that is aimed at our younger demographic.  In order to keep members committed to their fitness activities, we have developed a profile application that interacts with the fitness level of each and every member.  Based on the idea of a video game genre called role playing games (RPG's), we use the software to manage profiles for all members.  In an RPG, a player grows stronger by the number of 'levels' he or she may gain so we use this idea in the fitness realm.  To top off our list of premium products, we offer beverages and clothing merchandise branded with our proprietary logo and images created by our CEO.

THE MARKET

	Exergaming is a very new concept, but is developing rapidly.  Large scale fitness centers such as the YMCA are the largest purchaser of exergaming technology.  They see the need to change the traditional methods of fitness and so do we.  Why should they change?  Well, studies have shown that tradition don't work as well as they should.  Also, with so much technology available today that allows us to communicate with and entertain ourselves, fitness is basically thrown out the window.  Locally, there is no competition for what we can offer.  At Level Up! Gym we will seek to build a stable customer base by building partnerships with local schools, businesses, and anyone seeking that hook to see how fun fitness can really be with the help of technology.  Our pricing will be competitive with other fitness centers and our standards high to keep a stable hold in the market today.

FINANCIAL CONSIDERATIONS

	Our financial outlook is straightfoward.  Currently we have $60,000 to put our plan into motion and require an additional $80,000 to fulfill our business needs.  $100000 of our financial need is dedicated to facility equipment.  This is due to the expensive nature of some exergaming units.  Our primary goals are to collect a strong stable customer base as fast as possible, in order to reach our break even point.  Through good market practices and strategies implemented by our team, we have be sure that we will reach our target.  


