
What are cryptography and cryptanalysis?


Cryptography is the procedure to secure the transmission of data by developing and utilizing codes.  
Cryptanalysis is the procedure to acquire the plaintext from the ciphertext without knowing what was
used to perform the encryption.

What is a hash function, and what can it be used for?

A hash function is a mathematical algorithm that generates a fingerprint.  The fingerprint is not a
ciphertext of the message, but a code that is generated based on the message.
It is used to confirm the identity and integrity of a message.  This is important so that the message 
can be verified as authentic and is not altered from its original state.


What is the fundamental difference between symmetric and asymmetric encryption?

The fundamental difference between symmetric and asymmetric is that symmetric uses the same
key to encrypt and decrypt a message whereas asymmetric uses two keys.  One key
will be used to encrypt a message ( public key ) and the other to decrypt the message ( private key ).


How does Public Key Infrastructure protect information assets?

Public-key Infrastructure (PKI) is an integrated system of software, encryption methodolo-
gies, protocols, legal agreements, and third-party services that enables users to communicate
securely. PKI systems are based on public-key cryptosystems and include digital certificates
and certificate authorities (CAs).



Public Key Infrastructure protects information assets by using a combination of components.  These components are the following:

Certificate Authority -  issues, manages, authenticates, signs, and revokes
users’ digital certificates

Registration Authority - operates under Certificate Authority.  Can complete verification of registration information, generate end-user keys, revoke certificates and validate user certificates.

Certificate Directories - central point for storing certificates

Management protocols - manages communications between CAs, RAs and end users.

Policies and procedures - assists with application and management of certificates shaped by  legal liabilities and limitations and with actual organization usage.




What is the difference between digital signatures and digital certificates?

The difference between digital signatures and digital certificates is that a digital signature is
an asymmetric encrypted based hash value that is placed on a message to verify its
owner and its integrity whereas a digital certificate is a document that uses a digital signature to authenticate a public key contained in it.



- Download and Run the MD5 & SHA Checksum Utility from CNET's Download.com (use link in Topic folder). 
- Download the PowerPoint file located in this topic folder (9781111138219_PPT_ch08.ppt). (NOTE: do not make any changes to this file).
- Generate Hash values for the PowerPoint file using the Checksum Utility.

What is the SHA-1 Hash for this PowerPoint file? (Paste it in the answer box).


The SHA-1 Hash for the file located in this topic folder is D85BF77BD556D9194E0FD66E39F641D535C354BA



HTML Editor

  
 
