What is required for the marketing section?




WE HAVE THESE
	Marketing Plan

		Subsection 1: SWOT Analysis

		Subsection 2: Strategy Pyramids

		Subsection 3: Unique Selling Proposition / Competitive Edge

		Subsection 4: Marketing Strategy and Positioning

		Subsection 1: Pricing Strategy

		Subsection 2: Promotion and Advertising Strategy

		Subsection 5: Website View

		Subsection 6: Sales Strategy

		Subsection 1: Sales Forecast

		Subsection 7: Legal

		Subsection 8: Milestones

		Subsection 9: Exit Strategy


		SECTION 4.1: Industry Analysis
		SECTION 4.1.1: Market Size
		SECTION 4.1.2: Main Competitors
		SECTION 4.1.4: Market Segments ( Demographics ) * NOT COMPLETED *

WE WERE LOOKING AT ( DID NOT INCLUDE ):

4.2 Market Tests

	Testing is an excellent course of action in order to reduce your risk when entering a new business or market. A market test can be conducted at a relatively low cost. For instance, you can order or produce small quantities of your product and see if consumers vote for it with their credit cards. I've even heard of someone who developed a website for their product without actually having produced the product, then when someone ordered, they would apologize and say the product was out of stock.

4.3 Target Market Segment Strategy

	Now that you've identified the market segments, you need to decide which one to target. You may choose one or opt for several segments. In this section you should be prepared to identify your target market segment(s) and explain in detail your reasoning for the choices you made. This will not only help you prevent targeting the wrong market, but will also instill confidence in potential investors that your decision-making process is sound.

4.3.1 Market Needs

	Here, you want to identify the needs for the target market segment(s) you've chosen. You should provide a paragraph discussing the overall market need and a bulleted list of specific needs.

4.3.2 Market Trends

	Discuss how the market has changed leading up to today and how it is expected to trend in the future. Discuss how this affects your target market segment(s).

4.3.3 Market Growth

	Present historical and future growth for your target market segment(s). The historical numbers will lend credibility to your future growth projections.

4.4 Positioning

	Positioning involves ascertaining how a product, service or company is perceived in the minds of consumers.


