


What is the typical relationship among the untrusted network, the firewall, and the trusted network?

The typical relationship among the untrusted network, the firewall, and the trusted network is that the firewall constitudes as a barrier
between the two types of networks.  Its function is to prevent the transfer of information types between the untrusted and trusted network.


How is an application layer firewall different from a packet filtering firewall? Why is an application layer firewall sometimes called a proxy server?

An application layer firewall is different from a packet filtering firewall in the following ways:

Application Layer Firewall 
Work on the Session, Presentation and Application Layers of the OSI model
Frequently installed on a dedicated computer
Designed for one or a few protocols and cannot be easily reconfigured for different attacks
Second generation Firewall
Monitors protocols

Packet Filtering Firewall 
Work on the Network Layer of the OSI model
Packet Filtering Firewall have 3 subsets ( Static, Dynamic and Stateful )
Can be First, Third, and Forth generation Firewalls ( Depending on Subset )
Monitors packets

An application layer firewall is sometimes called a proxy server because it acts as an authorized entity to provide service requests
due to the nature of how its software works.  Some examples of it's use can be serving requests for a Web Server
and preventing interal requests access to areas outside the trusted network.


List and describe the three widely used authentication mechanisms/factors.


The three widely used authentication mechanisms/factors are the following:

Something a supplicant knows
	What you know and call recall
Something a supplicant has
	What you have or can produce when necessary
Something a supplicant is
	Use of biometrics

What is a DMZ? Is this really a good name, considering the function this type of subnet performs?

A DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) is an area between the trusted and untrusted network where neither network controls it.  

A DMZ is a good name considering the function this type of subnet performs because the derived form of a DMZ 
is a border area between two nation states where no military operation is allowed, hence no one controls it.  In the network
version, a DMZ is similiar in nature where it's not as secure as the trusted network and not as insecure as the untrusted network.

What is a VPN? What are some reasons it is widely popular in many organizations?

A VPN is a virtual private network (VPN) that allows a secure private network connection over a public network.  A system
connecting to the VPN from the public network would seem as if it was connecting from within the private network.

Some reasons it is widely popular in many organizations are as follow:

- cost savings ( eliminates need for leases lines, telephone charges, etc )
- employees work from home
- employees( road warriors ) take business trips and require communication back to the organizations network
- ability to have multiple offices around the world and still communicate as if there was one

  
 
