1.	What is the difference between criminal law and civil law?

The difference between criminal law and civil law is that criminal law covers any activities or behaviour that is harmful to society whereas civil law deals with 
disputes between individuals and/or organizations.  Civil law is enforced by a private party and criminal law would be enforced by the government.

2.	What is privacy in an information security context?

Privacy in an information security context would be the concealment of information from any unauthorized individuals or organizations.

3.	What is a policy? How does it differ from a law?

A policy is a set of ground rules that describe acceptable
and unacceptable employee behaviors in the workplace.
A policy differs from a law because you cannot disregard a law as a defense for breaking it, but you can with a policy.  Policies are enforced by other means such as dissemination, review, comprehension, compliance, and uniform enforcement.

4.	A study published in 1999 examining the computer use ethics of nine nations divided unethical and illegal behavior into three general categories. What were those categories and what did each encompass?

The categories determined through a study published in 1999 regarding the the ethics of computer use in nine nations were the following:

Software License Infringement
Illicit Use
Misuse of Corporate Resources

Each category encompassed the following:

Software License Infringement
	-Attitudes towards piracy
	-Reasoning for particular views on piracy
	-Statistics generated from outlooks
Illicit Use
	-Tolerance for system abuse ( ie, Viruses, Worms, Hacking )
	-Reasoning for tolerances when compared to non-virtual similiar abuse 		 such as physical theft, breaking and entering, and trespassing 
Misuse of Corporate Resources
	-Analysis of situations for uses of company assets without providing 
	 any organizational policy


5.	What is due care? Why would an organization want to make sure it exercises due care in its usual course of operations?

Due care is a organizational standard where it makes sure that every employee knows what type of behaviour is acceptable or unacceptable.  They also ensure that they know the repercussions of their actions whether illegal or unethical. 

An organization would want to make sure it exercises due care in its usual course of operations because if they did not, then the organization itself can be held financially responsible for their employees unethical or illegal actions.







1. What does CISSP stand for? Use the Internet to identify the ethical rules CISSP holders
have agreed to follow.

CISSP® - Certified Information Systems Security Professional

CODE OF ETHICS
https://www.isc2.org/uploadedfiles/%28isc%292_public_content/code_of_ethics/isc2-code-of-ethics.pdf
